I am an AI language model created by OpenAI. As an AI language model, my purpose is to interpret and generate human language. I am designed to understand and respond to various types of text input, such as questions, requests, and commands, using natural language processing techniques. I do not have a physical form or consciousness 
Witcher is a popular fantasy franchise consisting of books, games, and a television series. It follows the adventures of Geralt of Rivia, a monster hunter also known as a Witcher, who uses his supernatural abilities and combat skills to slay beasts and protect the innocent. The franchise is known for its mature themes, complex characters, and intricate world-building. It has gained a dedicated fanbase and critical acclaim for its storytelling and visuals.
Check on neighbors and family members, especially those who live alone, are elderly, have health or mobility issues or are caring for children. Schedule time to remotely connect with these individuals regularly to let them know they are not alone. 

Support local businesses, schools and child care centers: When possible, purchase gift cards to local shops businesses online that you can use once storefronts reopen, and uplift those who are trying to keep afloat. Due to COVID-19, many child care centers across the country have been forced to shut down. Through Save the Children’s political advocacy arm – Save the Children Action Network – we are building bipartisan to support financial relief for the child care industry during the pandemic. Learn how you can join us to take action. 

Provide support to frontline health workers and first responders: Many health workers are not able to stay at home and are working around the clock, so take on tasks that they don’t have time to do as an expression of gratitude.

Assist in local or online fundraising efforts. Look into options that provide much-needed supplies to families, such as Amazon Wish Lists, as well as the work of your local community and volunteer organizations. You can also fundraise for children or donate your birthday to support children in need around the world. 

Stay informed and stay calm: Only share information from credible sources like your state department of health or the CDC. Remember, when you stay calm, others will follow.
but exist solely as a program running on computer servers. My capabilities range from generating text based on prompts, answering questions, summarizing text, and much more.